Add an inclusivity guide (#203)
kubeflow/community: INCLUSIVITY.md

# Kubeflow Inclusivity

This document is a guide to inclusivity for leaders involved in the Kubeflow
project. It describes conscious efforts and behavior patterns that contribute
to an inclusive environment where Kubeflow members feel safe to collaborate.

The Kubeflow community is a global group of contributors with a wide variety of
backgrounds. As such, leaders are expected to take purposeful steps to ensure
sustainability of the collaborative space. This is essential for project health

> and future growth. Expectations of community leaders are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and future growth. We expect all community members, and especially leaders, to practice and grow in the areas covered in this document.  
```

violation or become aware of one, follow through on enforcing community
standards. Do this with care, showing respect and kindness for everyone
involved. These instances have a broader impact than just the involved parties,
since they set downstream expectations for the entire community.

This is a responsibility that the Kubeflow project does not take lightly, since
it directly impacts the ability of members to feel safe in the community.

## Indicators of success

It can be difficult to assess whether these efforts are effective. In many ways,
success can be invisible since it involves the prevention of conflict. A few
indicators are:

* Diverse membership across various dimensions (geographic, corporate, level of
  experience, etc.)
* Presence of members from frequently marginalized groups
* Continued engagement by long-term members
* Sentiment within the community that ideas are heard and contributions valued
* Accountability of leaders by members

## Attribution

The origins of this document are an enumeration of efforts by project cofounder
[David Aronchick](https://github.com/aronchick). This was not a solo effort and

> included support from [Jeremy Lewi](https://github.com/jlewi),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
included support from [Jeremy Lewi](https://github.com/jlewi), [Michelle Casbon](https://github.com/texasmichelle),
```
